Review and update of getting started (#1128)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/bonita-studio-download-installation.md

## Download Bonita Studio

To download the latest version of Bonita Studio, open the [download page](https://www.bonitasoft.com/downloads) and click on the **Download** button. This will start the download of Bonita Studio installer for your operating system.

> When the download is finished, you should have one of the following files on your computer (x.y.z refers to the version of Bonita Studio, e.g. 7.10.0):

Reviewer: I suggest to use
```suggestion
When the download is finished, you should have one of the following files on your computer (x.y.z refers to the version of Bonita Studio, e.g. ${varVersion}.0):
```
so that it replaces in the example with the current version of the documentation consulted
